== 2. Changelist ==

=== v1.1 pre-release (v1.0.96) ===

* New maintainer (ermo)
* Revised installation method with a selection of unpacked game files for ease
  of modding and explicit compatibility with the Career Mod and the unpacked
  version of the Polish Tyre Mod for S2U.
* Only includes the JSGME installation method (simpler to support,
  automatically creates backups)
* Support for dropping custom liveries (*.dds files) directly into the
  \vehicles\textures\ folder
* Online README for easier viewing/publishing of inline images
* Includes optional unpacked UCP-compatible repacks of requested mods:
**  XBox 360 Controller buttons by Kaerar
**  DFGT & PS3 Controller buttons by vincentgarcia
**  Unlock Hidden Car mods by Jeroen vd Helm
* (IN TESTING) Increase maximum career level to 40 (1 million XP):
  Unlocks the arrow vinyls at lvl 35 and speedhunter vinyls at lvl 40.
  (reputation_level.xml)
* (IN TESTING) Change how reward cars are handled; all cars except rival cars
  are now available for purchase in the car lot, the rationale being that rival
  cars are unique (unlockableitems.xml, reputation_unlockables.xml):
**  Nissan Silvia
**  Alfa Romeo Giulietta
**  Lamborghini Murcielago
**  Pagani Roadster HP
**  Lamborghini Reventon HP Cop Edition
**  Alfa Romeo 8c Spider
**  Aston Martin DBS Volante
**  Audi R8 Spyder
**  Koenigsegg Agera
**  Pagani Cinque Roadster
**  Chevy Camaro Dr. Pepper
**  Porsche Autobild GT3
* (NOT DONE) Decrease collision stickiness
* (NOT DONE) Decrease AI aggressiveness (we want the AI to ram less)
* (NOT DONE) Increase damage levels/sensitivity
----

=== v1.06 ===

* New backup and install method
* Corrected engine swap HP menu stats
* Sellable Speedhunters DLC cars
* Increase maximum career level to 30 with following reward vehicles:
**  Level 21 = Limited Edition cars, Alfa Romeo Giulietta, Nissan S15, and
    Lamborghini Murcielago LP640
**  Level 22 = Chevrolet Camaro, Dr Pepper Edition
**  Level 23 = Porsche GT3, AutoBild Edtion
**  Level 24 = Alfa Romeo 8C Spider
**  Level 25 = Aston Martin DBS Volante
**  Level 26 = Audi R8 Spyder
**  Level 27 = Pagani Cinque Roadster
**  Level 28 = Pagani Cinque Roadster, Hot Pursuit Edition
**  Level 29 = Lamborghini Reventon, Hot Pursuit Cop Edition
**  Level 30 = Koenigsegg Agera
* Increase prize money earned in quick races from $200 to $20,000
* Enable prize money and XP for solo quick race
* Increase caster range from 0-7.3 to 0-10 degrees
* Increase garage spaces to 800
* Fixed sound for Nissan 2000GTR and Nissan 240ZG engine swap
* Fixed Mazda RX8 and Porsche 914 engine descriptions
* Fixed bug in Bugatti Veyron rear-left SlowBumpRange
----

=== v1.05 ===

* Removed the "unlock hidden cars and events" component in v1.03 and v1.04
  because it was causing some problems with save games/new careers/menu
  selection for some people, sorry!
**  Anyone who installed v1.03 or v1.04 and had problems with their savegame
    should restore their original unmodded backup (v1.02) of these two files
    before installing v1.05:
***   \Pakfiles\BOOTFLOW.bff
***   \Pakfiles\BOOTPSA.bff
* Fixed typos in three files that were included with the original game (two
  menu files and one damage file).
* Enabled ability to skip career movies.
* Corrected power of Mazda RX7 FC rotary (stock and turbo upgrades).
* Corrected install location of some of the track.lod files
* Adjusted max caster from 70 to 73 (to match range of default game = 72.5)
----

=== v1.04 ===

* Attempted to fix problem with unlocking hidden cars which caused an issue
  with main menu and prevented starting a new career (however this was still
  bugged, removed in v1.05).
* Added some missing chassis updates that were supposed to be in v1.03.
----

=== v1.03 ===

* Removed intro movies for a faster game startup.
* Numerous changes within each vehicles chassis file:
**  Fixed reversed toe values bug (flip positive and negative values to match
    tuning menu).
**  Created standard adjustment units for the following tuning options (set all
    base values to 0 while keeping original preset values, this way you know
    what you're actually setting for these items).
***   Tyre pressure now displays the actual kPa value (previously we saw only a
      condensed kPa range, which varied between different cars, making tuning
      confusing).
***   Steering lock now displays your actual steering lock (allowing easier
      comparison between cars).
***   Differential Power/Coast/Preload
***   Caster ranges now range from 0 to 70, corresponding to 0 to 7 degrees.
***   Established a common base camber tuning range (-5 to +5 degrees) and
      adjustment value (0.1)
**  Unlocked more default tuning options for lower tier cars.
**  Fixed uneven ReboundTravel on many cars.
**  Fixed diffuser base value typos on various cars.
**  Fixed uneven left/right tuning on various cars.
**  Fixed front & rear wing range for Audi R8 LMS.
**  Fixed camber values on various cars.
**  Corrected fuel tank locations (some were up to 2m behind car).
**  Fixed missing DiffPumpSetting values (from "DiffPumpSetting= " to
    "DiffPumpSetting=0" which was found to produce more consistent AI behaviour
    in Overhaul mod for Shift 1)
* Fixed a bug that prevented proper upgrade of Mercedes 190e Evo2
* Unlocked hidden cars and events (turns out this was bugged, sorry!
  Removed in v1.05).
* Disabled reverse driving penalty to double available tracks in hot lap mode.
* Reduced the magnetized effect of collisions with walls/rails and other
  vehicles.
* Fixed reversed mirrors in several cars.
* Fixed syntax errors in tracks.lod files
----

==== NEXT ====
[[Installation]]