== Shift 2 Unleashed - Unofficial Community Patch v1.1 ==

This is an unofficial "patch" for Shift 2 Unleashed developed by the nogripracing.com modding community.

The objective is to combine bug fixes and enhancements while preserving the driving feel of stock S2U. There are no deliberate physics changes included, but car handling is improved in some cases as a result of bug fixing. As it is intended as a "patch", there are some enhancements included that would have been nice to see in an official patch, such as increasing player level maximum from 20 to 40. See changelist section below for full list of bug fixes and enhancements.

It is intended for people who enjoy driving the game out of the box, but were bothered by the bugs, and as a base for future mod development, to make sure that new mods are built on top of bug free data.


**Main Authors:** matt2380, JDougNY, ermo, and pez2k

**Contributors and supporters:** brrupsz, Bongomaster, D1Racer, djotefsoup, edubz123, Jeroen vd Helm, Jonzy, Kaerar, Kazumi, Kinski, kligson, MacGear, ogre2010, outlaw22, SakuraBlack, Siggs, xpertvision.

Thanks to Juls for the great inject tool (with no size limtations).

Thanks to [[http://www.users.on.net/~jscones/software/products-jsgme.html|JoneSoft for the Generic Mod Enabler (JSGME) freeware]] that has been included to assist installation.


----
=== Wiki features ===

This wiki uses the [[http://www.wikicreole.org/|Creole]] syntax, and is fully compatible with the 1.0 specification.

The wiki itself is actually a mercurial repository, which means you can clone it, edit it locally/offline, add images or any other file type, and push it back to us. It will be live immediately.

Go ahead and try:

{{{
$ hg clone https://bitbucket.org/ermo/s2u_ucp/wiki
}}}

Wiki pages are normal files, with the .wiki extension. You can edit them locally, as well as creating new ones.

=== Syntax highlighting ===

You can also highlight snippets of text, we use the excellent [[http://www.pygments.org/|Pygments]] library.

Here's an example of some Python code:

{{{
#!python

def wiki_rocks(text):
    formatter = lambda t: "funky"+t
    return formatter(text)
}}}

You can check out the source of this page to see how that's done, and make sure to bookmark [[http://pygments.org/docs/lexers/|the vast library of Pygment lexers]], we accept the 'short name' or the 'mimetype' of anything in there.

Have fun!
